I wish I could say tons of different words...
Like, English, Chinese, Korean..
And tons of other languages...
But, as a start...
I'll go for the most used language by everyone..
English!
So that's precisely why today, we're going to learn English!
I think those easy to understand sentences are easy to remember as well, so then..
Let's learn using those easy to understand sentences!
English quiz!
Then, let's start with the first question
Te, ren!
Eh? What? Intelligence?
Ai-chan is a star, she's very adorable, artistic, and intelligent..
Good, that's perfect
The answer!
Te, ren!
Eh? I knew that, so why?
Then, next!
Giving you money!
Answer: He's giving you money in the ocean
Correct answer!
Te, ren!
No, no, no! Let's use it for ourselves!
Or, it's fine if you send it to me, I don't mind~
Te, ren!
Ah! this looks easy~
Answer: I am...
Going to the King of pirates!
I am going to be the king of pirates!
How am I supposed to know that!?
What? ''Pirates'' means pirate?
''King of... kin.. king of pirates'' means king of pirates!?
Something like that?
''Believe'' is something like to trust, right?
Believe in you...
Maybe it means that it depends on yourself?
Answer: Believe it or not, it's your own choice
I think it's something like that... What do you think?
Correct Answer!
This is totally wrong, isn't it!?
What does it mean?
Huh? Isn't ''Kami'' god?
Mmm?
I am going to be the god of the new world!
(Written in Japanese)
Eh? Somehow, this looks like something from an anime...
Ah!
I think I've understood it...
Answer: There's only one truth!
Something like that?
Perfect!
It's to be expected from a super A.I!
These glasses are the same as Conan too~
I'm running away...
''Not'' means...
I mustn't run away!
Answer: I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away
Oh!
I wasn't so off!
Correct answer!
I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away, I mustn't run away Shinji-kun!
Right?
People...
Ah, I see!
Girl und Panzer is good~!
Right?
Wrong...
I was completely off...
Look! The people are like garbage!
Is the correct answer...
Why is it ''like''?
Why?
I must get the next one...
Answer: You are already dead
What do you think? This seems correct...
Aaah!
Am I a genius!?
I'm definitely a genius~
The correct answer is..
You are already dead
Yaay!
Maan, learning English is...
Really... you know...
Difficult, right?
I think it's impossible for me to learn English..
Eh?
Last question!
Eh? That's enough!
I don't understand anything!
This is hard!
Impossible!
To give up...
"You give up.."
'Give up'' means give up...
Give up, "Game"..."Game over"...
Ah!
I understand!
I see, I see it!
Yes!
Answer: If you give up, the match ends there!
Correct?
I got it!
Ah, I think this is enough~
So everyone, what do you think about this?
English is a piece of cake for an intelligent super A.I!
So in that case, I'll see you next time
Bye bye~!
There's more at the end!
Translated by 「Qr.」, Vortex, deus vult, 963852, unkochan00000
Feel free to join our Discord in the comments section below and get notified whenever subs get released for new videos!
(Sorry for the late subs~)
Ka... me... ha... me....
Haaa!